musl.md: replace proot mention with bubblewrap (#610)
void-linux/void-docs: src/installation/musl.md

then run glibc programs as usual. Once you've finished using it, unmount the
chroot using [umount(8)](https://man.voidlinux.org/umount.8).

> #### bubblewrap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Bubblewrap
```

Author: From the `bubblewrap` [README](https://github.com/containers/bubblewrap/blob/master/README.md) it was not clear to me whether the official name is stylized with capital or lower "B" and as neither `musl`, nor `glibc chroot` section titles are capitalized, I chose the lowercase variant which seemed more likely based on the README. However, the README uses capital "B" in the title so indeed let's use that.

> An alternative for unprivileged users is the
> [bwrap(1)](https://man.voidlinux.org/bwrap) command which uses Linux namespaces
> to run applications in a sandbox container. It can be installed via the
> `bubblewrap` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative for unprivileged users is
[bwrap(1)](https://man.voidlinux.org/bwrap.1), which uses Linux namespaces. It can be installed via the
`bubblewrap` package. An example invocation is shown below:
```

Then include an example of how to use it, since it's not always obvious, IMO.

Author: I omitted an example invocation because from [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/void-linux/void-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) I inferred that it's preferred that readers study the manual page and decide for themselves which options will best suit their needs. Anyway, if you have any experience with this utility, please propose some full example, as all I needed to do in my case was
```bash
$ bwrap --bind path/to/chroot / command
```
which seems too basic.

Reviewer: I think in this case the command is helpful, since what's desired from the tool isn't immediately obvious. I'd suggest `--proc /proc` and `--dev /dev`, at least.

Author: Actually, I'm currently unable to get a container set up using
```bash
$ XBPS_TARGET_ARCH=x86_64 xbps-install -S -r /tmp/chroot -R https://... base-voidstrap
```
to work properly - I have used
```bash
$ bwrap --bind /tmp/chroot / --uid 0 --gid 0 --dev  /dev --proc /proc --ro-bind /etc/resolv.conf /etc/resolv.conf sh
```
to chroot into it, but when I try to `ping voidlinux.org`, I get `ping: socket: Operation not permitted`. What am I missing?

Author: Nevermind, apparently it's because of capabilities.
